Update documentation related to the prefetcher (#1049)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: mountpoint-s3/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### New features

> * Mountpoint now automatically adjusts its prefetcher read window size based on available memory. This prevents Mountpoint from consuming all memory in the system resulting in out-of-memory issues. ([#1013](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/1013))

Reviewer: I'd update the language, since the scope of the issue was related to read patterns. 

```suggestion
* Mountpoint now automatically adjusts its prefetcher read window size based on available system memory. This prevents Mountpoint from consuming all available system memory in cases where a large number of read file handles are open concurrently. ([#1013](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/1013))
```
